docs: revised the keyboard shortcuts feature page (#25999)
electron/electron: docs/tutorial/keyboard-shortcuts.md

renderer process using the [addEventListener() API][addEventListener-api].

```js
window.addEventListener('keyup', doSomething, true)
```

Note the third parameter `true` indicates that the listener will always receive
key presses before other listeners so they can't have `stopPropagation()`
called on them.

#### Intercepting events in the main process

The [`before-input-event`](../api/web-contents.md#event-before-input-event) event
is emitted before dispatching `keydown` and `keyup` events in the page. It can
be used to catch and handle custom shortcuts that are not visible in the menu.

##### Example

Starting with a working application from the
[Quick Start Guide](quick-start.md), update the `main.js` file with the
following lines:
 
```js
const { app, BrowserWindow } = require('electron')

app.whenReady().then(() => {
  let win = new BrowserWindow({ width: 800, height: 600 , webPreferences: { nodeIntegration: true }})
  
  win.loadFile('index.html');
  win.webContents.on('before-input-event', (event, input) => {
    if (input.control && input.key.toLowerCase() === 'i') {
      console.log('Pressed Control+I');
      event.preventDefault();
    }
  });
});
```

> After launching the Electron application, if you open the terminal that you ran
> your Electron application from, and press `Ctrl+I` key combination, you will
> see that this key combination was successfully intercepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After launching the Electron application, if you open the terminal that you ran
your Electron application from and press `Ctrl+I` key combination, you will
see that this key combination was successfully intercepted.
```

# Keyboard Shortcuts

## Overview

This feature allows you to configure local and global keyboard shortcuts
for your Electron application.

## Example

### Local Shortcuts

Local keyboard shortcuts are triggered only when the application is focused.
To configure a local keyboard shortcut, you need to specify an [`accelerator`]
property when creating a [MenuItem] within the [Menu] module.

Starting with a working application from the
[Quick Start Guide](quick-start.md), update the `main.js` file with the
following lines:

```js
const { Menu, MenuItem } = require('electron')

const menu = new Menu()
menu.append(new MenuItem({
  label: 'Electron',
  submenu: [{
    role: 'help',
    accelerator: process.platform === 'darwin' ? 'Alt+Cmd+I' : 'Ctrl+Shift+I',
    click: () => { console.log('Electron rocks!') }
  }]
}))

Menu.setApplicationMenu(menu)
```

> NOTE: From the code above you can see that the key combination differs based on the
user's operating system: for Mac it is `Alt+Cmd+I` whereas for Linux and

> Windows it is `Ctrl+Shift+I`.

Reviewer: Note: I think <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>I</kbd> conflicts with the Chrome Inspector on Windows. Could we change this example to <kbd>Alt</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>I</kbd>?

After launching the Electron application, you should see the application menu
along with the local shortcut you just defined:

![Menu with a local shortcut](../images/local-shortcut.png)

If you click `Help` or press the defined key combination and then open

> the Console, you will see the message that was generated after

Reviewer: Should probably note that this appears in the terminal that you ran your Electron app from, not the Chrome console (which is for renderer process `console.log`)

> the Console, you will see the message that was generated after

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the console, you will see the message that was generated after
```

> triggering the `click` event: "Electron rocks!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
triggering the `click` event: "Electron rocks!".
```

### Global Shortcuts

> To configure a local keyboard shortcut, you need to use the [globalShortcut]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure a global keyboard shortcut, you need to use the [globalShortcut]
```

module to detect keyboard events even when the application does not have
keyboard focus.

Starting with a working application from the
[Quick Start Guide](quick-start.md), update the `main.js` file with the
following lines:

```js
const { app, globalShortcut } = require('electron')

app.whenReady().then(() => {

>   globalShortcut.register('Alt+CommandOrControl+I', () => {

Reviewer: Maybe note that `CommandOrControl` uses Command on macOS and Control on Windows/Linux.

    console.log('Electron loves global shortcuts!')
  })
}).then(createWindow)
```

After launching the Electron application, if you press the defined key

> combination and then open the Console, you will see that Electron loves global

Reviewer: ```suggestion
combination and then open the console, you will see that Electron loves global
```

shortcuts!

### Shortcuts within a BrowserWindow

> #### Overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Since there are three different approaches here, I would make separate level-4 headings for `Using web APIs`, `Intercepting events in the main process`, and `Using third-party libraries`.

> If you want to handle keyboard shortcuts for a [BrowserWindow], you can use the
> `keyup` and `keydown` event listeners on the window object inside the renderer
> process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to handle keyboard shortcuts within a [BrowserWindow], you can
listen for the `keyup` and `keydown` [DOM events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Events)
inside the renderer process using the [addEventListener() API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/EventTarget/addEventListener).
```

Adding links to MDN docs for more context

```js
window.addEventListener('keyup', doSomething, true)
```

> Note the third parameter `true` which means the listener will always receive
> key presses before other listeners so they can't have `stopPropagation()`
> called on them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note the third parameter `true` indicates that the listener will always receive
key presses before other listeners so they can't have `stopPropagation()`
called on them.
```

> The [`before-input-event`](../api/web-contents.md#event-before-input-event) event

Reviewer: `before-input-event` should be its own example, I believe.

is emitted before dispatching `keydown` and `keyup` events in the page. It can
be used to catch and handle custom shortcuts that are not visible in the menu.

> If you don't want to do manual shortcut parsing there are libraries that do

Reviewer: Should probably note that this `mousetrap` code is ran from the Renderer.

> If you don't want to do manual shortcut parsing there are libraries that do
> advanced key detection such as [mousetrap].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to do manual shortcut parsing, there are libraries that do
advanced key detection, such as [mousetrap].
```

not your content but should add commas here

listen for the `keyup` and `keydown` [DOM events][dom-events] inside the
renderer process using the [addEventListener() API][addEventListener-api].

```js
window.addEventListener('keyup', doSomething, true)
```

Note the third parameter `true` indicates that the listener will always receive
key presses before other listeners so they can't have `stopPropagation()`
called on them.

#### Intercepting events in the main process

The [`before-input-event`](../api/web-contents.md#event-before-input-event) event
is emitted before dispatching `keydown` and `keyup` events in the page. It can
be used to catch and handle custom shortcuts that are not visible in the menu.

##### Example

Starting with a working application from the
[Quick Start Guide](quick-start.md), update the `main.js` file with the
following lines:
 
```js
const { app, BrowserWindow } = require('electron')

app.whenReady().then(() => {
  let win = new BrowserWindow({ width: 800, height: 600 })
  
  win.webContents.on('before-input-event', (event, input) => {
    // For example, only enable application menu keyboard shortcuts when
    // Ctrl/Cmd are down.

>     win.webContents.setIgnoreMenuShortcuts(!input.control && !input.meta)

Reviewer: This example from the API docs shows how to ignore menu shortcuts here, but not what to do with the `before-input-event` handler.

A base example that shows a new user what this does is maybe to `console.log` here like in the other examples, and use `event.preventDefault` like proposed in the API docs.
